[singing voice] Aniplex.
[distant booming]
[exhales]
[grunts]
[shouts]
[gasps]
[squelching]
[gagging]
[shouts]
[groaning]
[gunfire]
[gasps]
[Rin singing in Japanese]
[Rin Akatsuki's "Konotede"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[gunfire]
[grunts]
[groans]
[both grunting]
[grunts]
[both shouting]
[both groaning]
Damn you!
[booming]
[shouting]
[groans]
[both gasping]
R‐‐Retreat!
[grunts]
[gasps]
‐ Uh‐‐
‐ Let's get moving.
‐ [Midori] Nakajou.
‐ [gasps]
Ah!
Come on, guys!
The shelter is just up ahead!
Everybody, hang in there!
[distant booming]
Second Lieutenant, ma'am.
[Kyouko] What is it?
Well, would you mind lending
a vehicle out to me?
Where are you planning
to drive, then?
Magic Association in Kanto.
[Katsuto] I'm only
the acting leader.
I still must fulfill
my responsibilities
to the master clan conference.
Yes, I understand.
Listen up, corporal.
And sergeant.
Escort Mr. Juumonji here
to the Kanto
branch office immediately.
both: Ma'am!
[gasps]
Ah!
[grunting]
[rumbling]
Huh?
[gasps]
Everyone down, now!
[rumbling]
[groaning]
[Midori] Is that...
[Midori] Mr. Tsuzura!
I can't hold it much longer!
All of you,
please hurry!
Get to the shelter!
[gasps]
[whimpering]
[Hagane] What are you doing?
[gasps]
We've gotta get outta here.
‐ [Hagane grunts]
‐ [gasps]
[Hagane] Hurry!
[exasperated chatter]
We'll be reaching
the station soon.
As long as we can get
you all there safely,
it'll be fine.
[both gasping]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[all gasping]
[exasperated chatter]
‐ [gasps]
‐ What in the‐‐
So is the underground
shelter intact?
Nakajou and the others are safe.
[both gasping]
[both groaning]
And yet we can't evacuate into
the shelter
from this entrance anymore,
can we?
So what will you do now?
[both grunting]
[Mayumi] I'm going to call
my dad's company.
They'll be able
to send helicopters
to evacuate everyone
left behind.
I'll contact my father, too.
In that case,
I'll leave some
of my subordinates with you.
[Toshikazu] No,
that won't be necessary.
[all gasping]
‐ [Kyouko] Inspector.
‐ Ah, Kazu!
[Toshikazu] Eliminating
external enemies
is the military's job,
but it's the police's duty
to protect the people.
So we'll be staying behind.
Ms. Fujiba‐‐uh,
second lieutenant,
please rejoin the main unit.
Right.
I understand.
Then I leave the rest to you,
Inspector Chiba.
[Toshikazu] Oh.
How hot is that lady?
[Erika] In your dreams.
There's no way you could handle
a woman like that, Kazu.
[exhales]
[both chuckling]
You sure you wanna give
me attitude, Erika?
[grunts]
Why not?
‐ [Toshikazu] I did bring you‐‐
‐ [gasps]
Something I bet you'll think
is pretty awesome.
[gasps]
[grunts]
[exhales]
[Man] We've lost all contact
with the troop heading
to the convention center
in heavy vehicle lot
as well as the vertical tanks
that were on their way
to secure
the underground shelter.
Send in the mechanized unit
immediately!
Yes, sir!
[lights buzzing]
Hmm.
The flying unit is hidden
on the inside of your belt.
[Sanada] It's bulletproof
and resistant to heat,
electricity,
and bio warfare.
I've added a basic power
assist function
like you'd intended.
[mechanical whirring]
Well, I can see that it's
an upgrade over my own design.
I know it's sudden,
but you'll be joining
Yanagi's unit,
special officer.
Yes, sir.
Roger that.
[mechanical whirring]
[lens whirring]
[distant booming]
[booming]
[static hissing]
We've lost the feed
from our unmanned drone
heading for Hodogaya.
Huh?
[Man] We have just
lost communication
with another drone!
[grunts]
What the hell is going on here?
[gunshots]
[groaning]
[distant booming]
[Shinkuro] Masaki, let's go.
The bus is leaving.
No, I'm heading
to the Kanto branch
of the Magic Association.
‐ [gasps]
No way!
That's crazy.
Why would you do that?
Because
the association magicians
won't just be standing by.
I'm sure that they've mustered
a volunteer army
so I'm going to join up.
But are you certain?
I have to because I'm
an Ichijou.
[gasps]
Masaki.
[Shinkuro] Have
the others upset you?
Is that the reason?
They didn't mean to offend you.
That kinda thing
doesn't bother me at all.
In fact,
the very first time
I went into battle,
I felt nauseous immediately.
Although I didn't actually
throw up.
[grunts]
‐ [gasps]
‐ [Masaki] It's the Ten
Master Clan's duty
to protect this country.
I can't simply ignore
that responsibility.
After all,
I'm the Ichijou heir.
Fine, then!
I'm coming, too!
I'm your strategist, Masaki!
If you're going into battle,
then so am I!
George, I want you to lead
the other students to safety.
[gasps]
[Masaki] Because
if you don't go with them...
I'll be too worried
about their escape
and unable to focus.
All right, Masaki.
You have my word.
I will make sure
that everybody gets out.
So you come back safely as well.
You hear me?
[Shinkurou] You have to,
Crimson Prince.
Because you're my one
and only commander.
[indistinct chatter]
[Suzune] When will
the helicopters get here?
Hopefully they'll arrive
by 4:30.
And our should be around
the same time.
So another 20 minutes, then?
In addition
to this landing area,
we'll be keeping
the civilians safe
until then, right?
No need to worry.
[Mayumi] Even if the enemy
should draw near to us,
our friends will be sure
to drive them out.
But you guys,
please don't push yourselves
too hard.
[distant booming]
[magical whirring]
Two.
[gasps]
[grunts]
[groans]
[shouting]
[grunts, shouts]
[booming]
Here they come.
[grunts]
‐ Attack!
‐ [grunts]
[shouting]
[booming]
[gunfire]
[shouting]
[shouts]
[blow lands]
[thuds]
Huh?
[Yanagi] Special officer.
We know who the enemy is now.
[Tatsuya] What?
[Yanagi] This was installed
in the enemy's armored tank.
I've confirmed it with Sanada.
Apparently it's
a sorcery booster.
A sorcery booster, huh?
[Tatsuya] One of those
magic amplifier devices
which was supplied
by the No Head Dragons?
The enemy's
the Great Asian Alliance, then.
I am sorry to spring this
on you,
but there are civilians
in the station plaza
who have called for helicopters
to get the evacuees out.
We're going to head
for the station now
and help in the escape.
Understood, sir.
[gunfire]
[Erika shouting]
[grunting]
[Leonhard shouting]
[helicopter approaching]
[both gasping]
[Erika] Rescue choppers
are here!
Great, so that means our job
will be over soon.
[Mikihiko] Here comes another!
[both grunting]
[exhales]
Looks like we'll be getting out
of here, right?
[gasps]
[buzzing]
[grunts]
[gasping]
What, chemicals?
[grunts]
[buzzing]
[gasping]
[whooshing]
[gasps]
[Shizuku] Tatsuya.
[indistinct chatter]
So who are they, anyway?
Those guys up there?
Our friends.
[gasps]
[Mayumi] Our choppers are here.
[Tatsuya] She's a riot.
Miss Mayumi Saegusa
has boarded the helicopter.
It looks like she'll be
picking up classmates
and underclassmen
and then withdrawing
from the area.
[Yanagi] Roger that.
After confirming they've left
the combat zone,
go and rejoin the unit.
[Tatsuya] Yes, sir.
[magical whooshing]
[grunting]
[gasps]
Who the heck is that?
[both gasping]
[animals snarling]
[roaring]
[all shouting]
[Man] What the hell
are those things?
Retreat now!
Fall back and reestablish
our defensive line!
Go!
No, don't retreat!
[all gasping]
Stir yourselves,
those of you who possess magic!
Defend our homeland
from these despicable invaders!
[booming]
[both gasping]
[all shouting]
[gunfire]
[blow lands]
[grunts]
[groaning]
[gunshot]
[grunts]
[Masaki] Where's
the illusion magician?
[exhales]
[beeping]
[magical whirring]
[both gasping]
[both shouting]
[both groaning]
[Masaki] Found him.
[gasping]
[grunts]
[shouting]
[all gasping]
F‐‐Fall back!
[grunts]
[mechanical hissing]
[thuds]
[Erika gasps]
They must be here.
[both gasping]
[helicopter blades chopping]
Where, though?
[cell phone beeping]
[all gasping]
[Mayumi] Miyuki,
I'm going to let down some rope,
so will you grab onto them?
[all grunting]
We'll be there shortly.
Honoka.
You can disable the spell
if it's too much.
Mm‐mm.
I'll be okay.
[grunts]
[distant booming]
[both grunting]
[grunting]
[booming]
[man shouts]
[gasps]
[rapid gunfire]
[all gasping]
[distant rumbling]
[cell phone ringing]
[gasps]
Miss Saegusa!
[exhales]
[gasps]
‐ Get down!
‐ [gasps]
[screams]
[gasping]
Kirihara!
[groans]
[screams]
Kei!
[groaning]
Kirihara,
hang in there, please!
[all gasping]
[grunts]
[exhales]
Hey, brother!
[whooshing]
[screams]
Just stay with me, Kei!
[grunts]
[gasps]
[breathing heavily]
I'm begging you!
Please, help him!
[gasps]
What are you doing?
[whimpers]
[Tatsuya] Begin retracing
his Eidos change log.
Confirming the restore point.
Now initiating restoration.
[magical whirring]
[heart beating]
[Kei gasps]
[gasps]
[Tatsuya] Process complete.
[whimpers]
[magical whirring]
[gasping]
‐ [groaning]
‐ [gasps]
Huh?
[grunts]
[gasping]
You did great.
[gasps]
[whooshing]
[exhales]
[Rei singing in Japanese]
[Rei Yasuda's "Mirror"]
♪♪ ♪♪